Projects
======================

The goal of the final project is combine your knowledge in hardware, software, and machine intelligence to build a cohesive Internet-connected intelligent system. While there is a broad range of applications that can leverage such a system, for the purpose of the final project, you are going to choose one of the following representative application scenarios. You will be working in a group of around 8 students to collaboratively complete the project of your choice.

### [1. Rapid Targeting System](Rapid%20Targeting%20System)
For this application scenario, you will build a robot that is able to locate its target faster and more efficiently. Students will use the same wooden maze as in Lab 2, but should program more sophisticated control behaviors that allow the robots to reach their targets in a much shorter period of time. New behaviors may include infrared mapping, for example, to allow the robot to determine the direction in which the object in front of the robot is the farthest away. This should allow the robot to determine a shorter route to the target from its current position.  As an additional challenge, students will develop a remote mechanism to manually control the starting orientation of the robot by asking the robot to rotate a specific number of degrees using the digit recognition system from Lab 3. Students should use WiFi communication to send a digit to the robot, which in turn rotates the robot accordingly so it faces a good starting orientation. After changing its starting orientation, the robot should proceed to rapidly navigate the maze to reach its target. Groups will compete for the shortest amount of time it takes their robots to reach the target.


### [2. Adaptive Cruise System](Adaptive%20Cruise%20Control%20System)
In this competition, students will build a robot equipped with an adaptive cruise system. Adaptive cruise control systems are used by many modern vehicles to avoid collisions by automatically adjusting their speed depending on their distance to objects. Students will attempt to model this system by programming their robots to adjust their speed based on values recieved from an infrared sensor. This should allow several robots with varying speeds to drive in a straight line without colliding. To allow for control of the robot while in motion, students will also implement a control system based on the digit recognition system used in Lab 3.  This will utilize the same web server to predict a digit based on a hand-drawn number, which will be used to communicate with and control the robot.  For instance, if the number "1" is drawn in the web server canvas, the digit recognition system should predict "1," this number should be sent to the robot, and the robot should slow down. This will require students to also implement WiFi communication capabilities in their robots. Ultimately, students should be able to control one robot using the digit recognition system and have another robot trail behind, automatically adjusting its speed to avoid collision. 
