Communication Tutorial
=======================

This tutorial will walk you through the necessary steps to allow your robot to connect to the Internet.  We will be using the same robots as in Lab 2 as well as an additional Adafruit Wifi board. In order to accomodate this Wifi board, you will need to make some modifications to your robot's hardware.  This will allow the Wifi board to properly connect to the Arduino, making it possible for your robot to communicate with the digit recognication web application you used in Lab 3. Following this hardware modification, you will then need to upload new software to your robot's Arduino that allows it to establish a connection with our server. At the end of this tutorial, your robot should be able to receive information over the Internet, and you can move on to creating your adaptive cruise control system!

### Hardware Modification 
Previously in Lab 2, you used a robot controlled by a bord stack consisting of an Arduino and two additional shields.  These shields work by plugging into designated pins an the bottom Arduino board.  Our motor shield, which controls the two drive motors of the robot, currently utilizes 8 pins on the bottom Arduino (pins A0, A1, D3, D8, D9, D10, D11, D12, and D13).  Several of these pins have a dual function and operate both as a simple digital input/output pin and a special type of pin used for a communication interface called Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI).  The motor shield simply requires several digital input/output pins and does not need SPI functionality, but the Wifi board we are using uses SPI to communicate with the Arduino.  For this reason, we will be separating our circuit board stack and externally connecting the motor shield and the Wifi board to the Arduino using wires.  This will allow us to connect the motor shield to different pins, freeing up the specialized SPI pins needed for our Wifi board. 

The current circuit board stack consists of a maker shield on top, followed by the motor shield in the middle and the Arduino board on the bottom.  First, disconnect all three boards by carefully pulling them apart. Mount the maker shield directly onto the Arduino board.  A small breadboard mounted on a clear plastic plate will be used to connect the motor shield and the Wifi board. Without removing any wires from the Motor shield, connect the pins on one side of the board to the first lettered column on the breadboard (not a column labeled + or -) so that the pins on the opposite side are disconnected from the breadboard and the last pin of the motor shield is in row 18 of the breadboard. 
