Project: Adaptive Cruise Control System
======================
In this project, you will equip your robot with an adaptive cruise control system, and also add functionality that will let you control the speed of your robot using the digitrec system that you implemented in lab 3. So what exactly is an adaptive cruise control system? Recently, we have made many advances in the automotive industry, with Google and other companies coming out with things like self-driving cars. These cars, in order not to crash into anything and abide by the laws of the road, will implement an adaptive cruise control system, so that they put enough distance between their car and other cars/obstacles. The adaptive cruise control system is the basis for making these cars "smart".

In this lab, you will implement a version of an adaptive cruise control system, albeit one that's much simpler than those used in self-driving cars. You will use the Infrared sensor sitting at the front of the robot to detect the distance between your robot and any obstacle that may be in front of it. Based on the distance to the nearest obstacle in front of it, you should make your robot change speeds accordingly. It may be helpful for you to build an Finite-State Machine(FSM) before you begin, so that you can capture the logic you will be using, and have a much easier time implementing your code. We will provide you with some example code on how your robot can connect with the WiFi(you will also have to adjust the wiring of the robot, so that you can add in the WiFi card), so that you will also be able to control your robot by drawing digits on the canvas(which you will be able to access in the same way you did in lab 3). Lastly, we will simplify this system even further by mandating that your robot travels as straight as possible. When you are testing this, you will find that your robot will likely curve to the side, since one wheel is likely more sensitive to speed increases than the other. To fix this, you will have to adjust the speed of one of the wheels, so that your robot will always travel in a straight line.

### Part 1: Wiring the Robot
